good morning
that's me millie ordinary boring millie
i love your dress i think i saw it at
discount bonanza
okay so i was never the most popular
homecoming's this weekend booker is
going to be at the dance and boys never
really noticed me
[Applause]
wow honestly if this was a horror movie
i'd be one of the first ones to get
killed cue
the creepy dude in the mask like i said
but actually it turns out
where am i i didn't get killed oh my god
why do i sound like that
i woke up in the killer's body
the blissfield butcher strikes again
don't freak out you're black i'm gay we
are so dead
it's me it's milly hill hill blissfield
high
feel our glory and our might
and not only is that psycho wearing my
body
he's killing it
[Music]
he's like a wolf in sheep's clothing who
knows how many of our friends he's gonna
kill are you sure this is safe
no
oh my god it's a slaughterhouse i have
like less than six hours to swap back or
i'm gonna be stuck in his body forever
hurry up loser i gotta take a dump i
have to admit it hasn't been all bad
i'm sorry sir i didn't mean interrupt i
move how's that feel
i'll make you wish your stupid face was
never boring
oh my god did you just pee yourself
[Applause]
whoa what am i wearing i'm actually
really liking this for you
[Music]
great we're gonna get killed by murder
barbie
i can't wait to kill you time to stop
this we're in this together
i want my body back come and get it
[Music]
look i know i look like the butcher but
it's milly he's crazy okay booker can
you look at me please
will you shut up
it was a sea lizard six feet long
days it took to take it out clean it
i was only 11 years old
it's in the british museum
that one was special
[Music]
i've often heard your reputation
discussed in the geographical society in
london is there something you wanted sir
my wife she hasn't been at all well of
late
she suffers from melancholia
i want her to walk the shoreline with
you
learn from you i'm not looking for an
apprentice
i would pay a premium for a private
audience
it's not easy work
[Music]
i don't like the water
what is it cheap tourist water
beautiful
it pleases me you struck up a friendship
together
what is it something nothing
[Music]
i don't want to go back to the life i
had before you what about my life
[Music]
measure i could see it the moment i came
in the entire room was out of
balance you're off crystal re-measure
all his tables and put him on salads
you haven't had a date since beth died
you're miserable we fixed the lunch for
you a blind date
are you completely blind yes
well i think the politically correct
term is
visually impaired i'm the new planner
for liz and robert's wedding
you you're the wedding trasher you're
gonna
love it i'm insane for being with you
are you breaking up with me
you dropped the channel seven news
anchorman into a lake
[Applause]
[Music]
i will call you i will answer did you
just play
i did not yes she did wait a minute
glass slippers cinderella is my favorite
character where's the other one
prince charming has it
i'm taking my photograph why because i
have photography it's extraordinary
we were hoping to hire you guys to play
the wedding we don't play weddings i
will arm wrestle you for a yes
your what come on you big baby
captain richie fell in love instant
lightning bolt low if you're cinderella
come meet your prince charming i thought
i could come in and sweep you off your
feet
but you swept me off mine
i'll start working out tomorrow yeah
start
now a note
i've fallen in love with the dumbest man
in history
is this a scarf it's a blindfold let me
see what you see
[Music]
i think i'm pretty good at this now
well how was camp any good digs yeah
some
we're here hey
[Music]
this is my boyfriend john it's a
pleasure to finally meet you
i hope you don't mind that i'm here i
know it's your lake house and i'm not
trying to take away time with your mom
[Music]
it's important to me that you're okay
with this i'm happy for you guys
[Music]
[Applause]
how did you guys meet i've been at the
lake all year studying a few species
here
you're kind of a weird dude i guess i am
but i mean weird is cool right
do you always lock the doors when you
sleepwalk i saw you
walk into the lake towards his light i'm
pretty dry
i love him so so much
[Music]
we're gonna be a family we have to learn
how to forgive
and forget right lips
get off of him
i've robbed 12 banks in seven states
i have a little over nine million
dollars in cash
and no one knows who i am
federal bureau of investigation i want
to turn myself in
i want to make a deal what kind of deal
i hand over all the money i stole
in exchange for a reduced sentence it's
important
and what's so important about it i met a
woman
i want to be with her for the rest of my
life without lying about my past
special agent hall this is special agent
evans where's the money
the man just telling the truth we can
take this money for ourselves
let's do it
whoa whoa i'm turning myself in fbi
open up what exactly
his real name is thomas dolan former
marine demolitions expert
we needed to come clean i'm not a bank
robber anymore with the murder one
charge for killing one of their own
feds will come after me and keep coming
those two crooked cops are willing to
kill another agent
what are they capable of doing to you
and me
my girlfriend she had nothing to do with
this it's
an evidence i'm coming for you
do what you have to do
knowing how to blow stuff up that's
pretty cool
i want to clear my name which means i
need a full confession from you
five four
three two
one
ready to confess
good morning miss garcia good morning
sunshine
i miss you i could kiss you right now
[Music]
someday curfew is now in effect all
unauthorized citizens must stay indoors
tensions rise as we enter the 213th week
of lockdown
grim new reality emerges 23 has mutated
[Music]
whoa i'm immune
all infected americans are being forced
into quarantine camps
[Music]
sarah what's going on
department of sanitation sarah talk to
me i think my neighbor has a fever it'll
be so much easier if you just open the
door
mrs grant
do not open that door
beginning thermal scan three two
one anomaly detected
armed guards will be arriving in four to
six hours
you must not attempt to leave your home
or you will be shot on site
[Applause]
this is my best sense to you
i know you're in there
they're coming i have to let you go
no no no stop stop say goodbye to me
sarah i'm not letting you give up
sometimes we have to do things we don't
want
to survive i'm trying to save the one
person left in my life
that matters to me
i can't help you what you're talking
about is illegal
[Applause]
come here
[Music]
and remember stay safe save and
you ever had sanitize dream since you
were a child but you couldn't let it go
welcome to ireland once upon a time
there were two farms the mount loon farm
where rosemary lived
and right down the road was my farm
where my son anthony asked his lonely
question of the stars why did you make
me so
rosemary muldoon yeah be sotted
with love there's these green fields and
there's us
whatever that is it holds me here
[Music]
it's not normal i don't care you take
after john kelly and that man was mad as
the full moon
drowned himself he fell in he had a rock
tied to his neck
me we're known to each other quite a
while now
would you marry me
are you going to leave the farm to
anthony i don't see a clear path
from where to where from meeting you
my customer is coming it's the finest
car i've ever seen
enough for the farm to an american
waiting for that one
what are you waiting for me i don't wait
i do like that
you should come to new york sometime
anthony will never marry if it comes to
that i'd freeze my eggs you should
freeze your whole body
if you're waiting for that one
[Music]
you ever had a dream since you were a
child and you couldn't let it go
so you put this gate between us is your
dream made you happy or miserable
you kissed him it was he that kissed me
that's what's got him worked off
i don't understand you people why do you
make everything so hard you just
seem to accept these crazy things i
don't like your fights
who does half of ireland just not me if
my true love
[Music]
what is love is it a quest what are you
doing a madness
how many days do we have while the sun
shines it's not shining
i believe that it is will you call
[Music]
with over 15 films and 2 billion
at the box office comedian candy black
has brought laughter to our lives
but america's sweetheart hit me where it
hurt
isn't so sweet anymore
we really need you to go into hair and
makeup right now miss black
okay everybody let's flush this turd
down the toilet
we're gonna do a rehearsal again with a
stand-in candy and i've been together
for years
but my true passion is acting what's
your secret to success
i guess i believe in boundaries
today hollywood's class clown back off
please
has fallen to a new low the judge has
sentenced her to 90 days
in rehab you shouldn't have to go to
rehab unless someone else goes in my
place
someone who looks a lot like me what
my name is candy and i am an alcoholic
this must be a real wake-up call for you
a big hollywood hot shot
here's a tip don't mix fentanyl bennies
and heroin
take it from crow in the rehab game i
feel like a fat amy winehouse
the today show once an interview lewis
is getting offers for
personal appearances i could stand in
for you we could split the money
sure i seem to like being candy more
than i ever did
people love a redemption story ooh we're
so glad she's back
[Music]
so the person that i've been dealing
with these last couple of weeks is the
stand-in not you
i mean she looks like me your voice is
uh you sound
like no this is the real me candy black
is here tonight to apologize that's what
i'm most sorry for
she looks amazing i need to know who did
that nose
[Music]
you gotta do this film i can't do it i
think you can absolutely dive head first
from a bale of hay into a pile of cows
hit me where it hurts cut okay let's go
again
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
team
[Music]
oh my god
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
last time it was no tennis
one of these bullets is like us
traveling
forwards through time the other one's
going backwards
can you tell which is which
how about now
why does it feel so strange you're not
shooting the bullet
you're catching it whoa i didn't win
back in my cell
felt like hell got wristed pace yourself
why are you living
[Applause]
america he seems nice i invited him to
the dinner
looks good with fists for a diplomat
there are people in the future who need
us
[Music]
you get something i'm not gonna like
time isn't the problem getting out alive
is the problem
[Music]
i had to line it up
well i'm going so any tips will be
welcome ain't no time i'm facing scams
what do you think we're seeing
the detritus of a coming war
[Music]
you want to crash a plane well how big a
plane
that part is a little dramatic
last time it was no tennis 3d pg-13
[Music]
can i help you sir you can help me find
maria oh maria's gone we're completely
self-checkout now
please scan your item please scan your
item
i just did please scan your items yeah
right
sir this can't keep happening
[Music]
you're not putting me in a home what if
it were our home
grandpa grandpa hello sweetheart
how's your daughter's place that she
gave me my grandson's room he's not too
happy about it how do you like your room
kid looking i didn't want it to be this
way either i just want my room back
get away from me oh come on
i want to put up with this piece i
demand my room back or else it's
more declaration of war give me
back one of mine to face the
consequences
okay okay you got your wish
that's drying foam sealant i'm gonna get
this too
so let me get this straight you want me
to help you and your buddies
help beat up your grandson and his
buddies because the two of you can't
figure out some way to live in the same
house
well when you put it like that i'm in
[Music]
this kind of aggression shall not stand
senpai
i didn't know you were a marine
do you guys even remember how to play
dodgeball so you don't need your diaper
changed
sure you don't
why are we doing it this way when you
have peace talks you need someone
neutral to mediate
he gave me a cookie it is true a cookie
was given
i think your grandpa might be a ninja we
gotta end this somehow
did you see that
[Music]
to talk about today is this clark this
uh interstellar comment right i mean
big news i don't see clark
oh maybe he's still sleeping dad
some of clark's larger fragments are now
expected to enter
our atmosphere that's right and now
these are just what are they saying
it's more of the same it's gonna make a
heck of a show
[Music]
where are they going
i don't know one of the first chunks is
about to hit
him only part of it it's going in the
ocean
would you look at that
wait where's the explosion
we now are getting word that the
fragment has hit
central florida wait
are some more pieces gonna hit come on
let's go
put the sky's on fire two days
they got it all wrong there's a ton of
fragments planet killers
space agencies are predicting an
extinction-level event
we're gonna be together all right get
him we're just trying to get to safety
they've been tracking the military
flights to bunkers and greenlight
it's their only chance
[Music]
largest fragment will hit in less than
24 hours
i swear i'm gonna get my family
into that bunker i know
if you are hearing this broadcast seek
shelter immediately
what is it what's going on
shelter immediately seek shelter
immediately
[Music]
you